> The `good-enough?` test used in computing square roots will not be very effective for finding the square roots of very small numbers.

This is because the tolerance threshold (0.001) is too large for smaller numbers. Therefore, there would be an inherent limit to the accuracy of the answers produced. We won’t be able to compute guesses smaller than than the threshold even when it is necessary to do so

As an example, when trying to determine the square root of numbers smaller than 0.001, we begin to see a huge decline in accuracy, but once we make the threshold smaller, accuracy increases.

```scheme
(define (sqrt x)
(sqrt-iter 1.0 x))

(define (sqrt-iter guess x)
; For logging purposes
;(display "guess: ")(display guess)(newline)
;(display "x: ")(display x)(newline)
(if (good-enough? guess x)
guess
(sqrt-iter (improve guess x) x)))

(define (new-if predicate then-clause else-clause)
(cond (predicate then-clause)
(else else-clause)))

(define (improve guess x)
(average guess (/ x guess)))

(define (average x y)
(/ (+ x y) 2))

(define (good-enough? guess x)
(< (abs (- (square guess) x)) 0.001))

(define (square x) (* x x))

; With a threshold value of 0.001, the result of computing the sqrt of 0.0001
; will be
(sqrt 0.0001) ; 0.03230844833048122
; The actual answer ought to have been 0.01

; However, if we reduce the value of the threshold to ~ 0.00001
; We get an answer far closer to the correct result
(sqrt 0.0001) ; 0.010120218365353947
```

The smaller threshold gives us room to compute better guesses

> Also, in real computers, arithmetic operations are almost always performed with limited precision. This makes our test inadequate for very large numbers

This is the result of computations with unsafe integers and space restrictions. Specifically, there is a limit to a language's ability represent numerical quantities. This limit is due to the memory allocated not being enough to represent certain quantities larger than a set threshold. Usually, even attempting to do this will result in an Overflow type exception, but in some cases, it results into the introduction of unsafe integers into out computations which is exactly what happens here.

The `sqrt` procedure when working to find the sqrt of a very large number will, at some point during the calculation, stumble across an unsafe integer (if the initial input is big enough). Unsafe integers have the characteristics of not being a unique mapping between computer representations of real world numbers as these category of integers tend to equal values that aren't itself.

Thus, you can imagine what would happen if such a number came up during the `sqrt` procedure's computation. The procedure will get stuck on an unsafe integer and never move on from it since its representation is faulty and it can equal numbers that come after it. That's why if you DO use a particularly large number as the input from `sqrt` and you log out the guesses over time, you'll find that the guesses will remain the same after a while. That is due to precision limitations.

Scheme cannot represent numbers larger than a certain threshold. Any number that IS larger will be rounded down to the threshold causing one number to be equal to many others.

Due to memory restrictions, there is a cap on the largest quantity representable in Scheme. When attempting to compute the `sqrt` of particularly large quantities, we reach this cap and any attempt by the runtime to go beyond it fails as any number larger than the cap is simply rounded back to the value of the cap (this _cap_ is an unsafe integer, it's equal to more quantities than itself).

Thanks to this, after a certain point the `sqrt` procedure becomes stuck in an infinite loop working on the cap value

```scheme
(define (sqrt x)
(sqrt-iter 1.0 x))

(define (sqrt-iter guess x)
(display "guess: ")(display guess)(newline)
(if (good-enough? guess x)
guess
(sqrt-iter (improve guess x) x)))

(define (new-if predicate then-clause else-clause)
(cond (predicate then-clause)
(else else-clause)))

(define (improve guess x)
(average guess (/ x guess)))

(define (average x y)
(/ (+ x y) 2))

(define (good-enough? guess x)
(< (abs (- (square guess) x)) 0.00001))

(define (square x) (* x x))

; The following evaluation gets stuck at a guess value of
; 2.996659449430091e+33 (undsafe integer) because
; (= (+ 2.996659449430091e+33 1) 2.996659449430091e+33) = True
(sqrt 8979967855858655555555555555556757475456463342546545767809008975463)
```

> An alternative strategy for implementing `good-enough?` is to watch how the guess changes from one iteration to the next and to stop when the change is a very small fraction of the guess.

```scheme
(define (sqrt x)
(sqrt-iter 1.0 x))

(define (sqrt-iter guess x)
(if (good-enough? guess (improve guess x))
guess
(sqrt-iter (improve guess x) x)))

(define (improve guess x)
(average guess (/ x guess)))

(define (average x y)
(/ (+ x y) 2))

(define (good-enough? previous-guess guess)
  (< (abs (/ (- guess previous-guess) guess)) 0.00000000001))

(define (square x) (* x x))

; Produces a correct output
(sqrt 8979967855858655555555555555556757475456463342546545767809008975463)
(sqrt 0.00000000000000000001)
```

> Does this work better for small and large numbers?

Yes. Yes it does
