# Exercise 1.5

```scheme
(define (p) (p))

(define (test x y)
  (if (= x 0) 0 y))

; Case 1: Infinite loop due to recursive evaluation trap (applicative-order evaluation)
(test 0 (p))

; Case 2: Resolves to 0 thanks to special form evaluation rules for conditions (normal-order evaluation)
(if (= 0 0) 0 (p)) ; Returns 0
```

With an interpreter that uses an applicative-order evaluation, Mr. Bitdiddle will probably see his laptop crash as the CPU will be able to keep up with the rouge process he has unleashed. With an applicative order evaluation model the compound expression, **Case 1**, will result in an infinite loop due to the recursive nature of the evaluation of variable `p`: `p` is associated value with itself. When the interpreter tries to evaluate the operands of the `test` procedure it will be caught in an infinite loop during its attempted evaluation of `p` since, as I said above, `p` references itself. Moreover, since applicative-order evaluation eagerly evaluates the operands at each stage the `test` procedure will not get the chance to be applied to its operands since the interpreter will get stuck in the infinite loop of the evaluation of `p`

On the other hand, with normal-order evaluation, **Case 2,** we discover that `0` is returned. This is because, evaluation of the `(test 0 p)` compound expression is first expanded to a predicate expression, which is a special form. In it's expanded form, we do not need to evaluate all the operands, thus avoiding getting stuck in an infinite loop from attempting to evaluate `p`. Instead, we simply evaluate the predicate `(= 0 0)` which resolves to `#t` then evaluate the associated consequent (`0`) and return it. `p` is not touched at all.
